Hello and welcome to the course.
Micro services software architecture patterns and techniques in discourse.
You will learn about micro services architecture.
You will learn to identify technical challenges and common pitfalls in developing a microchip based
system and how to properly implement software architecture patterns for a distributed system to allow
for scalability was 20 an inconsistency.
You will also learn techniques to help people in the design development deployment and also monitoring
of your micro serviced based system discourse is ideal for software developers who are currently developing
a microchip system software developers or thinking of refectory in their current system to micro services
software architects who want to improve their skills in designing micro services and anyone who wants
to learn about micro services and gain in that technical knowledge on how to design structure and develop
service based systems.
The course is structured around video tutorials explaining in detail the different technical skills
and architecture patterns that are necessary to design and develop as scalable and robust micro service
based system.
There will also be an assignment in each section to help you gain expertise and understanding of the
concept we are learning about.
I am also available to answer any questions you may have.
I look forward to seeing you in discourse and to hearing your feedback.
Once you've begun going through the lectures.